set_cosmetic_tag = FRA_provisional_government
capital = 459
set_political_power = 10
set_convoys = 70
oob = FRA
set_variable = { FRA_res_capital_n_var = 25 }
set_variable = { FRA_res_capital_w_var = 25 }
set_variable = { FRA_res_capital_e_var = 25 }
set_variable = { FRA_res_capital_se_var = 25 }
set_variable = { FRA_res_capital_sw_var = 25 }
recruit_character = FRA_military_conference
recruit_character = FRA_henri

recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	FRA_exile
	FRA_not_united_military
	FRA_pierre
}
set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_dp_light_battery = 1
	cruiser_submarines = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		FRA = {
			is_ai = yes
		}
		
	}
	add_ideas = {
		FRA_ai
	}
	random_list = {
		6 = {

		}
		4 = {
			set_country_flag = FRA_ai_henri
		}
	}
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 80
	democratic = 20
}
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.3