capital = 64

oob = "TRM_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "TRM_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "TRM_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.3 
set_war_support = 0.25
starting_train_buffer = 2
add_command_power = 15

set_variable = { ROOT.halo_infantry_cap = 12 } # 사단 제한, 헤일로 보병의 사단 제한과 같아야 함

add_timed_idea = {
    idea = BA_exiles_of_the_future
    days = 210
}

set_technology = {
	kivotos_infantry_weapons = 1
	kivotos_student_conscription = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = { bicycle_infantry = 1 }
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

# DIPLOMACY
recruit_character = TRN_tea_party # 티파티
recruit_character = TRN_tpdldk # 세이아
recruit_character = TRN_skrltk # 나기사
recruit_character = TRN_alzk # 미카
recruit_character = TRN_aktlfh
recruit_character = TRN_dkdlfl
recruit_character = TRN_cmfnrl #츠루기
recruit_character = TRN_dkwmtk
recruit_character = TRN_dytlal
recruit_character = TRN_gkskzh
recruit_character = TRN_gktmal
recruit_character = TRN_Hifumi
recruit_character = TRN_tmwmal
recruit_character = TRN_zhgkfn
recruit_character = TRN_skcm
recruit_character = TRN_akfl # 이오치 마리
recruit_character = TRN_tlalzh
recruit_character = freegirl
recruit_character = uyi
recruit_character = hihume
recruit_character = hinata
recruit_character = suzusa
recruit_character = kazusa
recruit_character = TRN_dnxkwmal_tkznfkzh
recruit_character = TRN_dkdhahfl_alsp
recruit_character = TRN_dlwlzk
recruit_character = TRN_dktkrkdhgkskdp
recruit_character = TRN_tmaltpflsk
recruit_character = TRN_dnwkdhkfpdltk

# 독일
recruit_character = TRN_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = TRN_kurt_student
recruit_character = TRN_erich_raeder
recruit_character = TRN_karl_donitz



set_convoys = 500

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	neutrality = 20
}

add_ideas = {
TRM_safe_trinity
TRM_work_clup
TRM_justice_task_force
TRM_troll_mika

TRN_alzk_political_advisor
TRN_sakurako_high_command
TRN_gktmal_high_command
TRN_dkdhahfl_alsp_high_command
TRN_tpdldk
TRN_skrltk

disarmed_nation
closed_economy
civilian_economy
}

activate_mission = TRM_mefo_bills_mission
activate_mission = TRN_country_collapse



if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "K-XIV Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {			# represents K II-X, O8 subs
		name = "K-III Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = TRM_SS_KCLASS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O9 Class"					# represents O9-15, K XI-XIII subs
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = TRM_SS_OCLASS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "K-XIV Class"				# represents K XIV-XVIII, O16 subs
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = TRM_SS_KCLASS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Van Ghent Class"			
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = TRM_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Van Galen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = TRM_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Java Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = TRM_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "De Ruyter Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = TRM_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hertog Hendrik Class"			
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = TRM_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Soerabaja Class"				# represents Soerabaja (De Zeven Provinciën) and Jacob van Heemskerck 
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = TRM_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
